docs: add ecosystem release info (#2221)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/whats-happening/releases/index.mdx

## Resources

<Row className="resource-card-group">
<Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
  <ResourceCard
    subTitle="Changelog"
    href="https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/releases">
    <MdxIcon name="github" />
  </ResourceCard>
</Column>
<Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
  <ResourceCard
    subTitle="Roadmap"
    href="https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/system-squad-593830641344b813db10934d/roadmap">

![ZenHub icon](images/z-icon.svg)

  </ResourceCard>
</Column>
</Row>

## Release schedule

Each Carbon Design System release includes library releases that are
independently versioned following the industry-standard
[semantic versioning](https://semver.org) specification.

The Carbon team also ships minor releases every other week and when necessary,
patch releases between minor versions to address bugs. Read more in Carbon's
[release radar](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/wiki/Release-radar).

### Carbon 10

Carbon 10 was a unique release as it was the first to implement the updated IBM
Design Language. That required product redesigns to a certain extent due to
foundational differences between IBM Design Language versions.

### Carbon 11

> Unlike Carbon 10, the upcoming Carbon 11 release will not require you to

Reviewer: I feel like we're only talking about design here. I think inline theming could actually be a big effort for people to transition to from existing implementation (or its a know concern). Also we're changing our entire color token system. Neither are as big as fully branding redesign but

Author: @aagonzales we'll be able to talk specifics like inline theming in a new page that Jan, Josh, and I have discussed with that Carbon v11 FAQ content.

    <MdxIcon name="github" />
  </ResourceCard>
</Column>
<Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
  <ResourceCard
    subTitle="Roadmap"
    href="https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/system-squad-593830641344b813db10934d/roadmap">

![ZenHub icon](images/z-icon.svg)

  </ResourceCard>
</Column>
</Row>

## Releases

Each Carbon Design System release includes package releases that are
independently versioned following the industry-standard
[semantic versioning](https://semver.org) specification.

The Carbon team also ships package minor releases every other week and when
necessary, patch releases between minor versions to address bugs. Read more in
Carbon's
[release radar](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/wiki/Release-radar).

### Carbon TBD

Carbon TBD uses newer browser capabilities and includes quality of life updates
for improved designer and developer experiences. As v2 of the IBM Design
Language is still current, Carbon TBD will not require brand-driven product
redesigns. Read more about the upcoming
[Carbon TBD release](https://medium.com/carbondesign/whats-coming-to-carbon-in-2021-39a4c7d1762a).

### Carbon v10

> Carbon v10 is the digital expression of the IBM Design Language, v2. The updated

Author: From @mjabbink:

something along these lines

(from)

Carbon v10 is the digital expression of the IBM Design Language, v2. The updated components required some product redesigns, however they had a clearly identifiable IBMness and created a connective tissue between all product experiences.

(to)

Carbon v10 was the release that implemented our newly updated IBM brand expression (Design Language v2) into our components. The updated components required product teams to redesign product UIs and begin a plan to migrate and/or adopt the new components to copy to IBM brand experience standards.

Reviewer 2: @mattrosno Suggested tweak to this: 

Carbon v10 implemented our newly updated IBM brand expression (Design Language v2) into our components. The updated components required product teams to redesign product UIs and begin a plan to migrate and/or adopt the new components to comply with IBM brand experience standards.

Author: Done!

<ArticleCard
    title="What’s coming to Carbon in 2021"
    author="Josh Black"
    date="November 12, 2020"
    href="https://medium.com/carbondesign/whats-coming-to-carbon-in-2021-39a4c7d1762a"
    >

![Carbon 2021 release](../news-and-articles/images/carbon_2021.png)

</ArticleCard>
</Column>
</Row>

### Carbon v10

Carbon v10 is the digital expression of the IBM Design Language, v2. The updated
components required some product redesigns, however they had a clearly
identifiable IBMness and created a connective tissue between all product
experiences.

## Release history

<StructuredListWrapper>
  <StructuredListHead>
    <StructuredListRow head>
      <StructuredListCell head>Carbon Design System</StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell head>IBM Design Language</StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell head>Carbon Elements</StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell head>Carbon Components</StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell head>Carbon React</StructuredListCell>
    </StructuredListRow>
  </StructuredListHead>
  <StructuredListBody>
    <StructuredListRow>
      <StructuredListCell>
        <strong>Carbon v11</strong>
        <UnorderedList>

>           — 2021 Q2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          — Q2 2021
```

          <br />
          — Improves token and prop naming
          <br />
          — Adds light/dark mode support
          <br />— Uses CSS Grid
        </UnorderedList>
      </StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>
        <Link href="https://www.ibm.com/design/language">IDL v2</Link>
      </StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>v11.x</StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>v11.x</StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>v8.x</StructuredListCell>
    </StructuredListRow>
    <StructuredListRow>
      <StructuredListCell>
        <Link href="https://www.carbondesignsystem.com">
          <strong>Carbon v10</strong>
        </Link>
        <UnorderedList>

>           — 03/29/19

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          — 29 Mar 2019
```

          <br />

>           — Updates visuals to new design language

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          — Updates components to new design language
```

          <br />
          — Adds Carbon Elements package
          <br />— Updates grid to 16 columns
        </UnorderedList>
      </StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>
        <Link href="https://www.ibm.com/design/language">IDL v2</Link>
      </StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>
        <Link href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@carbon/elements/v/latest">
          v10.x
        </Link>
      </StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>
        <Link href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/carbon-components/v/latest">
          v10.x
        </Link>
      </StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>
        <Link href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/carbon-components-react/v/latest">
          v7.x
        </Link>
      </StructuredListCell>
    </StructuredListRow>
    <StructuredListRow>
      <StructuredListCell>
        <Link href="https://v9.carbondesignsystem.com">
          <strong>Carbon v9</strong>
        </Link>

>         <UnorderedList>— 06/04/18</UnorderedList>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        <UnorderedList>— 4 June 2018</UnorderedList>
```

      </StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>IDL v1</StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>—</StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>
        <Link href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/carbon-components/v/9.x">
          v9.x
        </Link>
      </StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>
        <Link href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/carbon-components-react/v/6.x">
          v6.x
        </Link>
      </StructuredListCell>
    </StructuredListRow>
    <StructuredListRow>
      <StructuredListCell>
        <Link href="https://v8.carbondesignsystem.com">
          <strong>Carbon v8</strong>
        </Link>

>         <UnorderedList>— 10/26/17</UnorderedList>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        <UnorderedList>— 26 Oct 2017</UnorderedList>
```

      </StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>IDL v1</StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>—</StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>
        <Link href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/carbon-components/v/8.23.1">
          v8.23.1
        </Link>
      </StructuredListCell>
      <StructuredListCell>
        <Link href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/carbon-components-react/v/5.x">
          v5.x
        </Link>
      </StructuredListCell>
    </StructuredListRow>
    <StructuredListRow>
      <StructuredListCell>
        <Link href="https://v7.carbondesignsystem.com">
          <strong>Carbon v7</strong>
        </Link>

>         <UnorderedList>— 03/30/17</UnorderedList>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        <UnorderedList>— 30 Mar 2017</UnorderedList>
```

---
title: Releases
description:

>   Read about the latest updates and learn more about what the team has planned

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn about our latest updates, our release history, and what the team has planned 
```

  for Carbon’s future.
---

import {
  StructuredListWrapper,
  StructuredListHead,
  StructuredListRow,
  StructuredListCell,
  StructuredListBody,
  Link,
  UnorderedList,
} from 'carbon-components-react';

<PageDescription>

> Read about the latest updates and learn more about what the team has planned for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn about our latest updates, our release history, and what the team has planned for 
```

necessary, patch releases between minor versions to address bugs. Read more in
Carbon's
[release radar](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/wiki/Release-radar).

### Carbon v11

Carbon v11 focuses on quality of life updates for designers and developers
including token and prop renaming for ease of use, component API updates for a
more predictable developer experience, and introducing CSS grid for accurate
layout building in line with the design language.

With no changes to the IBM Design Language, v11 will not require any
brand-driven product redesigns and teams are free to update at their
convenience.

### Carbon v10

Carbon v10 implemented our newly-updated brand expression (IBM Design Language
v2) into our components. The updated components required product teams to
redesign product UIs and begin a migration plan to comply with IBM brand
experience standards.

## Release history

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
| Carbon Design System | IBM Design Language | Carbon Elements | Carbon Components | Carbon React |
| -------------------- | ------------------- | --------------- | ----------------- | ------------ |

> | <div>Carbon v11</div><div>— Q2 2021</div><div>— Improves token and prop naming</div><div>— Adds light/dark mode support</div><div>— Uses CSS grid</div> | [IDL v2](https://www.ibm.com/design/language) | v11.x | v11.x | v8.x |

Reviewer 3: Is there a reason for the wrapper divs here? If you need to target them with css, a span with a classname would be more appropriate.

Author: @vpicone I need line breaks. Ideally, unordered list elements, but those render as 16px font size which is bigger than the markdown table font size, so that's not an option right now. I previously had `<br />` elements in there, but Prettier formatting was busting the table. Then I switched it to divs and Prettier still busted the table. Then I added the Prettier ignore statements and called it good.

Reviewer 3: Right on. If you're ignoring it anyway, can we go back to break elements to get the line breaks?

I just don't want the next person editing the table to be confused with the empty wrappers.

Author: @vpicone will do, I'll swap back to line break elements.
